A mobile wireframe flow for a expense sharing app called Dumshare.

It should show the status bar always and the header bar with just Dumshare written on it. It should have a menu button to the left of the header. On the bottom of each screen there should be a tab bar with a button to go home (home), a button to add expenses (+) a button to see the ledger entries (a ledger icon) and a button to settle up (wallet icon).

The starting screen is just a welcome screen stating a welcoming message, stating the user didn't yet create their first Share and that they can do so by clicking a button on the centre of the screen. (Another plus button). 

From there we go to the Creating a Share screen.

It has several fields:
Share Name, this is where the user inputs the name of a given share, e.g. "Lisbon Marathon"
Owner Name, this is where the user inputs their name.

This screen offers us to add participants now or later. Either button is treated as a save button. If you select later it's to the Home screen.

The participant addition screen is just a text input where you add participant names or tags one by one and they show up below.

After adding the participants you go to 'Save' and it returns you to Home.

The side menu to the left of the header should open it and the options there are:
An encapsulated view of the existing Shares on this device and a highlight for the currently active one. You can swap between active Shares via this menu. Long pressing on a Share opens a pop-up menu that asks whether you want to make the pressed share active, edit it or delete it (unless it's the active one).
Below that should be a Share Participants encapsulated view that shows the participant names, long pressing on a participant opens a pop-up that asks whether you want to edit or delete a participant.
Finally there should be a toggle for the dark and light mode.
Below that there should be a button to delete all app data.

The Home screen shows the current status of each participant (net, owed, owes). Below that it shows the last entered expense.

The screen to enter a new expense shows the following fields:
Expense Name, this is where the user inputs the name of a given expense, e.g. "Dinner at Honest Greens".
Expenses Amount, this is the total expense amount.
Expense Currency, a searchable dropdown menu of ISO currency names is presented.
Expense Payers, this is where the user selects the ones that paid for the expense (one or more) and notes how much each paid of the total amount.
Expense Participants, this is where the user select the participants that are part of this expense. This offers options to split the Expense Amount equally by each participant, or sliders + numerical inputs that make up either 100% for a percentage split or sliders + numerical input that make up to the total amount.
Saving an expense moves back to the Home.

The Ledger Entries screen is just a chronological list of expense entries showing a quick overview: what, how much, how it's split among it's participants. Long pressing on an entry prompts to either edit or delete an expense entry. The edit is the same as the entry adding screen just with already filled with info from the existing entry. Saving the entry edit moves you back to the Ledger Entries.

Finally, the settlement screen offers you a button to settle up and asks whether you want to settle-up in a single currency or by each currency in the ledger. If you want to settle up in a single currency it shows a searchable dropdown menu of ISO currency names.

That brings you to a nice "You settled your Shares! Congrats!" screen.
 
This screen shows the optimal settling of accounts, who owes whom and how much money and who is due to receive how much money from whom.